( music playing )
♪ Can't nobody love you ♪
♪ Like I'm lovin' you,
baby ♪
♪ 'Cause they don't know how
to love you like I do ♪
♪ Can't nobody love you ♪
♪ Like I'm loving you
right now ♪
♪ 'Cause they don't
know how ♪
♪ To love you
like I do ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna love you
in the morning ♪
♪ Love you
late at night ♪
♪ I ain't gonna
stop lovin' you ♪
♪ Till you tell me
everything's all right ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Can't nobody love you ♪
- ♪ Like I'm lovin' you
right now... ♪
- No.
- ♪ 'Cause they
don't know how... ♪
- You didn't.
- ♪ To love you
like I do... ♪
- That all just looks...
- Holy shit.
- ♪ Can't nobody kiss you ♪
♪ Like I'm kissing you
right now, little girl ♪
♪ 'Cause they don't know
how to kiss you like I do ♪
♪ No, they don't
know how ♪
♪ To love you
like I do. ♪
Elijah?
- Elijah!
- ( groans )
Come on.
I ate the fuckers.
Sue me.
That's so fucked up.
Elijah, this is
my cereal, okay?
You can't just
waltz into town
and eat another
person's cereal.
If what you want
is cereal,
( voice breaking )
go to the store and
get some cereal
and put your name on it.
( door slams )
So unstable.
( music playing )
( moaning )
♪ Closer ♪
♪ Closer... ♪
Oh, my God.
( moaning continues )
♪ Closer ♪
♪ Pain is glory... ♪
Man:
So we called it
Madame Tinsley's
because we wanted something
a bit ostentatious
to separate it
from other instant soups
that are marketed
as a cheap meal fix
because our soup is made
with the finest dehydrated
products available
and I have
an ex-girlfriend
named Tinsley.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Oh, uh, so, yeah,
no, if you, uh--
I didn't know
you were done.
If you want me
to market this,
then I'm just gonna
tell you right now
that, um--
I just--
I hate the name.
Well, that is not
a good start.
Mm.
You know that there
are lots of people
who are applying
for this job
who have actually
had jobs before.
Yeah, like me.
Are you talking
about these four...
- I mean, those four
were absolutely...
- ...activities?
...actual jobs.
- Jobs, Scott.
- Camp counselor?
But, um, I mean,
I would call that a job.
I don't know if you've
ever been a camp counselor,
but it is no easy feat.
Teenagers do it,
for the most part, right?
- Uh, yeah.
- I'm talking about,
like, an adult job.
- So what is your--
- I mean, I don't know, Scott,
is this what you wanted to do?
( scoffs )
Excuse me?
Was this your dream?
Like, fancy Cup O' Noodles?
Yes, this was my dream.
Owning my own company.
And I started it
with my two best friends,
Jeremy and Simon.
- That's great.
- This is exactly
what I wanted to do.
You and Jeremy
and Simon were like,
"I wanna make old rice
that smells like badussy"?
What's "badussy"?
Um, it's "butt, dick,
and pussy."
Do you have some kind
of problem with me?
- No.
- What's going on?
I don't understand.
- I don't have a problem
with you, Scott.
- No?
- No. Why would I have
a problem with you?
- I don't know.
I am so happy for you
and Jeremy and Simon.
- Thank you.
- Scott, Harvard alum
makes good--
that is such
an exciting story.
Do you mind
if I write about it
for "Holy Shit Magazine"?
Okay, all right,
all right, all right.
Look, clearly you do not
want this job,
and, um, obviously I'm not
gonna give it to you.
But maybe you would
still like to go for
a drink sometime?
Yeah, absolutely.
Man: ...allocations
going to the drive-up
book drop project,
but get nothing
in terms of lighting.
I reviewed
a public record...
Hi. Raymond Ploshansky.
I have an appointment.
Man:
...public library district.
You're fourth
on the docket.
That's a cute model,
honey.
Oh, thank you.
Where are we now
on the docket?
Oh, we just started.
Look, you can take a seat.
Okay.
Thank you.
...petty cash account
and $113 in cash on hand.
Board member:
Okay, all right,
look, Mr. Harding,
can you just pull up
the minutes
so we can confirm
these dollar amounts,
please?
I'm just asking you
to buy a few more lamps
so that I could see
the books I'm reading, hmm?
Okay, all right,
I hear you, Mr. Gold,
but would you
just allow us a moment
to confirm the facts,
please?
Oh, my God, Desi,
"Close Up" has almost
like 100 downloads already.
This is crazy.
I mean, this has
to mean something
to Marcos at the label.
- Don't you think?
- Mm.
I think it has to.
This is--
I don't think
they really care about
100 random people, baby.
Well, they're not random.
These are our fans.
This is so exciting.
I feel like indie music blogs
are where everything's
happening.
Pleandra Mariner got started
on this exact site.
Yummers.
- ( both laughing )
- We already did it.
( groans )
What?
Mm.
- You know what?
- Mmm?
We should open
our showcase with this song.
Mm, we only get two songs
for the showcase.
Yes, we get an opener
and a closer,
and this should be
our opener.
Yeah, I mean,
this is a great
fucking song.
Thank you.
But this is not
one of our top two.
What do you
like better?
"Rattlesnake Cowgirl,"
"Heart for Sale,"
"Whoa, Wow, Wonderful,"
"Song for Marcus Garvey,"
"Oaxaca Blues,"
"Kokopelli Shelly."
I mean, that's top six
right there.
Mm.
Yeah, I know.
I just feel
like it's our chance
to show some range.
- Okay, see, what I think
about the showcase...
- Yeah.
- ...we put our
best foot forward.
- Agreed.
And if half of our set
is a syrupy love song,
that's a total mislead,
babe, you know?
- But we sing love songs.
- Not really.
We sing, like,
modern American folk
with an indie edge.
I tell people that
we're like She & Him,
but with actual romance.
But we're nothing
like She & Him.
- We're not?
- Whoa.
You're blowing
my mind right now.
- Marnie, we are nothing like--
- I hope we're like She & Him.
- My God.
- We are noth-- are you
kidding me right now?
You're freaking me out.
We are nothing like
She & Him, okay?
We are nothing
like that band.
How can we have
completely different takes
on the same band
that we are both in?
That is bizarre to me.
I'm starting to wonder
if maybe you don't like
"Close Up"
because I wrote it
instead of you.
- No, I like the song.
- Could that be it?
Are you sure?
- I loved this song.
- Okay.
What do you mean
loved  this song?
And then you told me
that you're writing
She & Him songs
and now, like,
my whole-- I gotta do
a heavy rethink here.
How about we talk
about the partnership
that I thought we were in...
- We are in a partnership.
- ...whereas recently--
no, recently
it's just been me writing
while you tinker with
your motorcycle.
I am-- that's my--
that's my mode of
transportation, Marnie.
- That is my mode
of transportation.
- That doesn't change anything.
That's how I get--
That's weak, dude.
That's my mode
of transportation.
If she's feeling sick,
then I got nowhere to go.
I do write.
I fucking write
all the time.
I'm writing when
I'm doing anything.
- When we're making love,
I'm writing.
- ( sighs )
I am so glad that
we combined our books.
You know, I was
a little nervous about it,
but these children's
encyclopedias are amazing.
They still say that Columbus
discovered America,
and I think-- I think
in one of these illustrations,
he's wearing makeup.
Do you want to go
for a run in a sec?
Um, no, thank you.
Come on,
there's a street fair
I want to disrupt.
Mm, I don't really
feel up to it.
Beginnings of a cold?
Gotta sweat that out.
Come on.
I like to watch you bounce.
I like to watch
your boobs bounce.
your ponytail bounce.
I like to watch
your body bounce.
No, I can't
go for a run
'cause I had
an abortion yesterday.
I can't go for a run
and I can't take a bath
or use a tampon
or have intercourse
for, like, a week.
( laughs )
Are you, uh...
what?
Yeah, just a couple
of things I can't do
'cause I had
an abortion yesterday.
- Was it mine?
- Yeah, of course
it was yours.
I didn't want to talk
about it beforehand.
I just wanted to do it.
But I haven't shared
with boyfriends in the past.
I'm trying to be
more open with you.
So you're trying
to be open with me?
How many abortions
have you had?
I'm not gonna share that
with you because that
is private.
I'm not gonna ask you
how many girls you've
gotten pregnant.
None.
It's not private.
I've gotten no girls pregnant
except for you now.
I think you're behaving
very magnanimously this time.
I really do.
And I think
it's very difficult
considering Mimi-Rose
is a very fascinating,
very interesting, slim,
kind of like
a little pinched nose there.
How do you know that she's slim
with a little pinched nose?
I never said that.
Did you, like,
Google her or something?
No, no, no.
You just created
a very vivid image.
I see her
as a very attractive,
wondrous kind of
very angular, slim person.
And I think you're being
very stable
about this whole thing
and very mature.
Thank you.
I guess the upside
to having everything
go wrong in your life
is that you cease to have
any expectations of anything
or anybody.
And that's an unbelievably
mature thing
for a person your age
to say.
It's just great.
I guess the thing
that's bothering me
the most
is that I have no idea
what's coming next.
- Mm.
- I've never felt
that way before.
Like, I don't even know
what I want  to have happen.
Well, when you were writing
as a career option,
how was that?
Was it fulfilling?
Fulfilling?
I don't know.
I remarkably
never thought about that.
I mean, I guess I liked
the fact that writing
has the ability
to effect change.
You know?
The writers who I love
really helped me
to form my world view,
so, I don't know,
I guess I wanted to help
other people
the way those writers
have helped me.
You're a helper.
You're just-- you know,
you like helping people,
I think.
With Iowa, getting in,
really what I liked
was just that my friends
seemed really impressed
and my mom
seemed really happy.
Well, you made your mom happy.
That made you feel good.
So sometimes making
your mom happy is helping
your mom.
So maybe I do  really like
helping people.
Wow.
I mean, who--
who are you?
Who is this person
that I'm seeing sitting there
saying these beautiful,
stable things over there?
I just-- this is like
a wow moment for me.
Wow.
Who fucking went with you?
My friend
Sue-Ellen Garth.
I don't even know her.
You'll meet her.
She's a somnambulist.
Who-- who-- who did it?
Who aborted you?
A doctor named Guneta
did the procedure.
She delivered
my cousin's baby.
- Was it a boy or a girl?
- My cousin's baby's a girl.
No! Ours!
It was a ball of cells.
It was smaller
than a seed pearl.
It didn't have
a penis or a vagina.
Isn't this a decision
that people typically
make together?
- So you wanted a baby?
- Maybe.
That's kind of absurd.
We've been together
for less than seven weeks.
I don't think that
we're ready for a child.
Crazier things have happened.
People do crazy things.
My parents got married
after a fucking week.
Okay, so we should
have the baby
and put it
in your toolbox
as a cradle
and feed it sardines
and tell it that you
don't know my middle name?
- It's Rose!
- No, my first name
is Mimi-Rose.
My middle name
is Eleanor.
I don't understand
how you could do
something like that
without talking
to me first.
It's-- that's evil.
You're right,
you don't understand.
( door closes )
I had just gone as far
as I could go in Iowa,
you know?
- Yeah.
- I was practically
running that JCPenney.
I was dating a guy
who was the front-runner
in the mayoral race.
I had just put a bid in
on 16 acres,
but I thought, I don't know,
I just feel empty.
So I might as well
come back here and
be with you losers.
I've decided
I'm not getting a job.
I'm gonna marry Scott
the soup mogul,
and I'm just gonna
be Mrs. Madame Tinsley
for the rest of my life.
I'm gonna forgo
all of my dreams
and ambitions for his,
and I'm just gonna
become my mother.
No, no, no, you do not
wanna end up with someone
so selfish.
I'm telling you,
Shosh, seriously,
you end up
feeling more alone
than you felt
when you were actually
just entirely alone.
Marnie, you fought
so hard for this
relationship,
- but it's making you
unhappy already?
- I know.
I don't know
what the fuck
is wrong with me.
I think I'm incapable
of true companionship.
Plus,
he's a total asshole
as it turns out.
Oh, my God, this table
is like the island
of misfit animals.
I'm falling asleep
right now.
I could be at a brunch
with a guy
who runs a microbrewery,
so let's pep it up.
Well, listen,
I have big news,
which is that I've decided
to get a job that actually
helps people.
Ew, like
a not-for-profit job?
Hannah, you're the most
selfish person we know.
I mean, you won't
even share a Kit Kat.
Yeah, it's true.
You're so selfish that
when we lived together,
you put
the fire extinguisher
in your own bedroom
so you could have
access to it first.
Well, that's all gonna
be turned on its head
'cause you know what?
I wanna change the world.
- Change the world?
- Like, all of it?
- That's a big job.
- Why is this so flummoxing
to all of you,
me wanting to make
a positive change?
Because I'm very skeptical
of anyone who wants
to help others.
- Mm-hmm.
- I mean, there's always
some sort of hidden agenda.
100%.
Mother Teresa
loved being famous.
Well, what's a job
that I could have
that helps people
that doesn't disgust you?
- Um...
- Elijah: Based on
this look, I would say...
- bus and truck with
"Thoroughly Modern Millie"...
- Jessa: Yes.
Ice Capades...
- Clock maker.
- Uh, clog model?
- Schoolmarm.
- Okay.
- Tennille in a Captain
& Tennille cover band.
- Shoshanna: Yeah.
- Girl who gets killed
in a Lifetime movie.
- Wait.
Mayim Bialik's
stunt double.
Elijah.
Your horrid,
horrid personality
may have actually led
to something good,
which is that
I could be a teacher.
Well, you know what they say--
those who can't do, teach.
Yes, and I can't do,
so I'm gonna teach.
Woman:
All three
vacant properties
are owned by
a Mr. Anat Heifetz,
who has yet to incur
any monetary fines
associated with buildings
standing longer than 30 days
without registering
with the city.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me, but I gotta
run out of here early tonight.
Can-- a motion to adjourn
and we'll pick up where
we leave off next week.
- Board member #2: Second.
- With that second,
I adjourn this session.
We'll continue next week
starting with--
- Woman: Kippy Cohen.
- Ted: Kippy Cohen.
- Good?
- ( gavel bangs )
- Done.
- Objection!
I'm sorry?
- Ray: I object.
- Ted: What?
I've been sitting patiently,
quietly in this chair all day.
All day.
You wanna know why?
'Cause I'm
on today's docket.
Today's docket
should happen today.
Next week is
for next week's docket.
Well, thank you
for contributing
your opinion,
but sometimes we don't
get through it all, okay?
Like, today we started
with some issues
from last week.
Okay, well, I'm sorry,
but I don't think
that's very fair.
And I don't think
they do either.
And it's certainly no way
to manage your business.
So I would like
to procure a motion
that we get through
today's docket today.
- I second that.
- Thank you, Kippy.
Okay, well, a motion
has to be seconded by
a member of the board.
Are there
any board members
that wants to second
this hothead's motion?
I didn't think so.
Good night.
Will you hold that, please?
Thank you.
Excuse me, Kippy.
You all should be ashamed
of yourselves.
Shame on you!
You call this politics?
This is a circus!
Okay, thank you.
Can you sit down now, please?
You can't even put
a few lights in the library
so Mr. Gold can read?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I take umbrage!
Hold on, umbrage?
I just wanna write that down,
that you take umbrage.
I take umbrage
at your sweeping disregard
for the taxpayer
and your general
managerial ineptitude.
Umbrage!
Shame on you people!
- ( sighs )
- He's not wrong.
I can't remember
the last time we got
something approved here.
Seriously, Stu,
you can't remember?
You can't remember--
so all of a sudden,
you have a problem with
our productivity?
- Stu: Yeah.
- When was the last session
you came to not drunk?
Says the man who'd
probably stop at a bar
and cheat on his wife.
You're gonna judge me?
How dare you?
Why don't you go visit
your convict husband
in jail?
Oh, nice, Ted.
Professional as always.
And do you wanna tell
everyone how much money
you took from funds
in petty cash last month?
Screw you, creep.
I thought you were my friend.
Board member #3:
Not when it comes to money.
- Board member #4:
You put that money back!
- Ted: I took a loan of $10.
( overlapping arguing )
You know how I always sleep
15 minutes later than you?
I really wake up
before you.
But I pretend
to be totally asleep
because I love it
when you tuck me in
and you kiss me.
I'm really coming
to depend on that.
Why didn't you talk
to me about it?
'Cause I knew
what I wanted to do.
Why didn't you want me
to come with you?
I mean, don't you
need me at all?
'Cause it freaks me out.
You never tell me
what you're working on.
You don't mind
if I don't make it
to whatever fucking party.
You don't ask me
how you look or whatever.
You just look
in the mirror and go.
You're like those jellyfish
who only need to fuck once
to have generations
of kids.
Sometimes I just can't tell
what I'm even here for at all.
See, that's what
I love about you.
You know
the weirdest stuff.
Your brain does not process
information in a normal way
at all.
Truly, Adam, I care
about you so much.
( groans )
I care about my butcher.
I need my butcher.
I can't butcher meats.
I need my butcher
more than you need me.
No, I don't need you.
But I love coming home
and knowing you're
behind the door.
And I love watching you
bend down and pick
something up
'cause you use your body
in a really strange way.
And wanting you like this,
that's better
than needing you
because it's pure.
I feel like
you lied to me.
No, I didn't lie to you.
I just waited to share
information until it was
too late for you to chime in.
( scoffs )
It's funny,
I felt so good
about you moving in.
( soft laugh )
Just this morning,
I loved looking
at your books
and learning their names
like I know mine.
I guess...
I don't know.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I like that, too.
( music playing )
♪ God knows I've been
taking a lot ♪
♪ Without giving back ♪
♪ God knows I've been
taking a lot ♪
♪ Without giving back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back to the love ♪
♪ God knows I've been
taking a lot ♪
♪ Without giving back ♪
♪ God knows I've been
taking a lot ♪
♪ Without giving back ♪
♪ God knows I've been
asking a lot ♪
♪ Without giving back ♪
♪ God knows I've been
taking a lot ♪
♪ Without giving back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back to the love ♪
♪ Hoo hoo,
you gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back to the love ♪
♪ Mm-mm ♪
♪ Get back,
got to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ Gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
♪ You gotta give to get ♪
♪ You gotta give
to get back ♪
- ♪ You gotta give to get ♪
- ♪ Get back, got to get back ♪
♪ To the love ♪
- ♪ Get back ♪
- ♪ You gotta give to get
back to the love. ♪